# MI_Python_meetup_20210603
Jupyter notebook and phantom ultrasound files for meeting presentation demonstration

Files uploaded for demonstration as part of MI Python meetup presentation June 3, 2021. Note: the clinical ultrasound data files far exceed the 100 MB file size limit on GitHub, so just "phantom" ultrasound data is in this repository. The jupyter notebook code blocks that read the clinical data can be commented out so you don't read error messages, but the phantom data shows the same ideas of using the jupyter interactive widgets with functions that render images based on widget input parameters selected. Additionally, the requirements.txt file will help you to have all the dependencies needed, so you can "pip install -r requirements.txt" once you are in your virtual environment. Then run "jupyter notebook" to explore the notebook. jupyter "notebook" is recommenced for this application instead of jupyter "lab" since difficulties can be encountered with the jupyterlab extensions for some of the libraries used (notably ipyvolume).  And if you are running on Mac or Linux remember to run: export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH" , within your virtual environment at the command line before running "jupyer notebook" for the first time (see https://jupyter.org/install for info on this).

Update: June 4, 2021. Unfortunately GitHub has lowered their maximal file size upload limit from 100 MB to 50 MB, so I am not able to put the 3D phantom data needed for the last ipyvolume 3D viewer. This file "phantom_trim_zero_pad.npy" is 71 MB and it can be obtained from another repository at: https://github.com/resrch/voila_3D_vascular_phantom_1.0.
The notebook will work using the phantom data without this "phantom_trim_zero_pad.npy" file except for the last ipyvolume viewer. As mentioned, the clinical data ultrasound files are on the order of 1GB (or more) so I dont have a way (yet) for you to view those files (but I'm working on it).

Update: June 18, 2021. the youtube presentation about how to use this notebook is avaialable at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d607niS7jkg
